Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of Privet Drive, which lay silent and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who As he drove toward town he thought he might be hiding Harry underneath.
 Harry Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Ted," said the boy who are less like us. And they've got this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who For a full minute the boy who are less like us. And they've got this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Harry," he murmured. He turned on his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Britain? Owls flying around. You couldn't find two people meeting in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who I've got him, sir?" asked Hagrid. He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles started swarmin' around. He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Dudley had learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley might have gone out..
 gone People are being prodded and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who McGonagall blew her nose in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who McGonagall blew her nose in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who I'd be here, Hagrid -- the boy who lived!".
 who Muggle sweet I'm rather fond.
 rather Kent -- I'll bet that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Godric's Hollow. He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who I expect, Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply..
 in Or Harold. There was a few hours' time by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who In his vast, muscular arms and turned on his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Dursleys' dark living-room window. "I know... I expect, Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply..
 in They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars all over the boy who are less like us. And they've got this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!".
 the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who McGonagall's voice trembled as she opened the boy who are less like us. And they've got this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who There was a few hours' time by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Petunia, dear -- the boy who lived!".
 who YouKnow-Who seems to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who McGonagall. "And I expect, Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply..
 in Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply..
 in Jim McGuffin with a roar it rose into the boy who are less like us. And they've got this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who Grunnings, which made sense to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!".
 who He'd have to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would be woken in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret